Update SDK js tutorials (#7012)
SAPDocuments/Tutorials: tutorials/cloudsdk-js-vdm-getall/cloudsdk-js-vdm-getall.md

 - Basic knowledge of OData is recommended, but not required.

## Details

> > ### DEPRECATED
> > This tutorial on the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript is not maintained anymore and is probably outdated.
> > Up-to-date documentation is published on the [documentation portal](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/)  of the SAP Cloud SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ### We migrate tutorials to our [documentation](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/js/getting-started)
> This tutorial is not actively maintained and might be partially outdated.
> Always up-to-date documentation is published on our [documentation portal](https://sap.github.io/cloud-sdk/docs/js/getting-started).
> We will provide a link to the updated version of this tutorial as soon as we release it.
```

Reviewer: I'd avoid using `DEPRECATED`. Many things a quite contextual, see my suggestion.
